Theoretically, on input of size n, an algorithm with a running time of n is asymptotically equivalent, in terms of O, to an algorithm with a running time of 2n. In the real world, though, the fact of the matter is that the latter feels twice as slow as the former.

The challenge ahead of you is to implement the fastest spell-checker you can! By "fastest," though, we're talking actual, real-world, noticeable seconds—none of that asymptotic stuff this time.

In speller.c, we've put together a program that's designed to spell-check a file after loading a dictionary of words from disk into memory. Unfortunately, we didn't quite get around to implementing the loading part. Or the checking part. Both (and a bit more) we leave to you!

Before we walk you through speller.c, go ahead and open up dictionary.h with gedit. Declared in that file are four functions; take note of what each should do. Now open up dictionary.c. Notice that we've implemented those four functions, but only barely, just enough for this code to compile. Your job for this problem set is to re-implement those functions as cleverly as possible so that this spell-checker works as advertised. And fast!

Alright, the challenge ahead of you is to implement load, check, size, and unload in speller.c as efficiently as possible, in such a way that TIME IN load, TIME IN check, TIME IN size, and TIME IN unload are all minimized. To be sure, it's not obvious what it even means to be minimized, inasmuch as these benchmarks will certainly vary as you feed speller different values for dictionary and for text. But therein lies the challenge, if not the fun, of this problem set. This problem set is your chance to design. Although we invite you to minimize space, your ultimate enemy is time. But before you dive in, some specifications from us.

    You may not alter speller.c.
    You may alter dictionary.c (and, in fact, must in order to complete the implementations of load, check, size, and unload), but you may not alter the declarations of load, check, size, or unload.
    You may alter dictionary.h, but you may not alter the declarations of load, check, size, or unload.
    You may alter Makefile.
    You may add functions to dictionary.c or to files of your own creation so long as all of your code compiles via make.
    Your implementation of check must be case-insensitive. In other words, if foo is in dictionary, then check should return true given any capitalization thereof; none of foo, foO, fOo, fOO, fOO, Foo, FoO, FOo, and FOO should be considered misspelled.
    Capitalization aside, your implementation of check should only return true for words actually in dictionary. Beware hard-coding common words (e.g., the), lest we pass your implementation a dictionary without those same words. Moreover, the only possessives allowed are those actually in dictionary. In other words, even if foo is in dictionary, check should return false given foo's if foo's is not also in dictionary.
    You may assume that check will only be passed strings with alphabetical characters and/or apostrophes.
    You may assume that any dictionary passed to your program will be structured exactly like ours, lexicographically sorted from top to bottom with one word per line, each of which ends with \n. You may also assume that dictionary will contain at least one word, that no word will be longer than LENGTH (a constant defined in dictionary.h) characters, that no word will appear more than once, and that each word will contain only lowercase alphabetical characters and possibly apostrophes.
    Your spell-checker may only take text and, optionally, dictionary as input. Although you might be inclined (particularly if among those more comfortable) to "pre-process" our default dictionary in order to derive an "ideal hash function" for it, you may not save the output of any such pre-processing to disk in order to load it back into memory on subsequent runs of your spell-checker in order to gain an advantage.
    You may research hash functions in books or on the Web, so long as you cite the origin of any hash function you integrate into your own code.

